This describes the text editor, edit, a line editor.

The editor is started by typing 'edit' at the command line.
You will be presented with an edit command prompt '#'.
Anytime you see the '#' prompt, you will be in command mode.

The following commands are valid in command mode:

'x'	Exit the editor and return to the command line.
'?'	Show the commands available in the editor.
'a'	Go to append mode. This lets you enter lines of 
	text to the end of the edit buffer.
i[n]	Insert lines of text at the beginning of line number
	n, where n is a positive integer.
d[n]	Delete line n, where n is a positive integer.
l	List the edit buffer. A line number will preceed
	the line of text. This line number references the line
	number n for the i (insert) and d (delete) commands.
m	Memory pointers. This shows the start and stop
	addresses the editor is using.
w	Write the edit buffer to mass storage. Default is tape.
r	Read from the mass storage device to the edit buffer.
	Default device is tape.
c	Clear the edit buffer (erase). This is not undoable.

APPEND 
When you first start the editor, the edit buffer will be empty and
the command prompt '#' will be displayed. Pressing 'a <cr>' will start
the append mode and the prompt will change to ':'. This prompt
shows that characters you enter from the console input device will
be saved to the edit buffer. In append mode, all characters will be
appended to the end of the edit buffer.

To exit from the append mode back to the command mode, press the
escape key (ESC). The current line will be discarded and you will 
be presented with the command prompt '#'.

While in append mode, every press of the enter (carrage return) key
will save the current line, place a carrage return character at the 
end of the line, and start a new line.

LIST
While in command mode, pressing 'l <cr>' will list the contents of the
edit buffer. Each line will be preceeded by a line number. This line number
is a positive integer starting at 1, and is used with the insert and delete 
commands. While listing the edit buffer contents, listing will pause every 
24 lines. To continue the listing, press the enter (<cr>) key.

DELETE
While in command mode you are able to delete a single line at a time.
With some text lines in the edit buffer, press 'l <cr>' list the buffer
contents. You will see a line number then the line of text in the buffer.
Pressing 'd5' and enter will delete line 5. Pressing 'd15' and enter
will delete line 15.

INSERT
While in command mode you can insert one to multiple lines of text at
the beginning of a given line number. Pressing 'i5' and enter will
change the command prompt '#' to the insert prompt ':' allowing you
to type text. Text will continue to be inserted starting at line 5
until you press the ESC key to stop and return you to the command prompt.
As you add text, the existing text will be moved up to make space for the
new inserted text you enter. At any time while you are in the insert mode, 
presing the ESC (escape) key will stop the insert mode and return you to 
the command mode.

WRITE
While in command mode, pressing 'w' and enter will start the write process.
The storage device (default is tape) will be opened if available and you
will be asked for a filename. If the device is busy, you will get an error
message. If this happens, wait a few moments until the device is free 
and try again.
The filename can be up to 16 characters using letters and numbers. A period '.'
can be used to seperate the filename with an extention (file.txt).

READ
While in command mode, pressing 'r' and enter will allow you to read a file
from the storage device (default is tape) and store it into the edit buffer.
If the device is busy you will get an error message. If so, wait a few 
moments and try again. You will be asked for a filename. If the file with
the supplied filename exists, the data will be copied from the storage
device and placed into the edit buffer. If the file does not exist, you will
get an error message saying so.
Before the file is loaded into the edit buffer, the buffer will be cleared
and all current lines will be deleted.

CLEAR
While in command mode, pressing 'c' and enter will clear the edit buffer. 
This will erase the edit buffer, and all of your data will be lost. You
will be asked if you want to do this before the data is cleared. Any letter
other than 'y' will abort the clear process and your data will stay unchanged.

EXIT
From the command mode prompt, pressing 'x' and enter will exit the line 
editor and place you back at the command prompt. You data will stay intact. 
Starting the line editor again will bring you back to the state you were in 
when you exited the editor. All data will still remain for you to continue 
where you left off.
NOTE: When you log out of the system, the edit buffer will be cleared and
all data will be lost.


